Iron (Dictionary.com)
    noun:   
        1. Chemistry. a ductile, malleable, silver-white metallic element, 
            scarcely known in a pure condition, but much used in its crude or impure 
            carbon-containing forms for making tools, implements, machinery, etc. 
            Symbol: Fe; atomic weight: 55.847; atomic number: 26; specific gravity: 
        7.86 at 20°C. Compare cast iron, pig iron, steel, wrought iron.
        2. something hard, strong, rigid, unyielding, or the like: eg. hearts of iron.
        3. a branding iron.

    adjective:  
        1. of, containing, or made of iron: eg. an iron skillet.
        2. strong; robust; healthy.
        3. irritating or harsh in tone: an iron voice.

    verb (used with object):
        1. to smooth or press with a heated iron, as clothes or linens.
        2. to shackle or fetter with irons.

    verb (used without object):
        1. to press clothes, linens, etc., with an iron.
    
    Verb phrases:
        1. iron out:
            1.1. to iron or press (an item of clothing or the like).
            1.2. to resolve or clear up (difficulties, disagreements, etc.): 
                The problem was ironed out months ago.
    Idioms:
        1. in irons:
            1.1. Nautical. (of a sailing vessel) unable to maneuver because of 
                the position of the sails with relation to the direction of the wind.
            1.2. Also, into irons. in shackles or fetters.
        2. strike while the iron is hot, to act quickly when an opportunity presents itself.

    History: 
        before 900; Middle English, Old English īren (noun and adj.), 
        perhaps < *īsren, metathesized from īsern,... 
    
    Related forms:
        1. ironless, adjective
        2. ironlike, adjective
        3. unironed, adjective
        4. well-ironed, adjective

paráfrase (google.com)
    substantivo feminino
    1. lit interpretação ou tradução em que o autor procura seguir mais o 
        sentido do texto que a sua letra; metáfrase.
    2. lit interpretação, explicação ou nova apresentação de um texto (entrecho, 
        obra etc.) que visa torná-lo mais inteligível ou que sugere novo enfoque 
        para o seu sentido.